For decades, Republicans argued for lower taxes, fewer regulations and a smaller welfare state.Democrats took up the opposite view, and voters split along familiar lines.Whatever you think of Donald Trump, it is clear that this election has the potential to reshape the allegiances of many white working-class voters who have traditionally sided with the Democrats, and many well-educated voters who have sided with the Republicans.Mr. Trump on Tuesday laid out a radically different economic message than Republicans have advanced, and it holds considerable appeal to white working-class Democrats.He supported renegotiating or withdrawing from Nafta, cracking down on Chinese currency manipulation, and using <location>United States</location> steel for domestic infrastructure — which he promises to rebuild.Along with his departures on immigration and the welfare state, Mr. Trump is moving away from the labor fights and culture wars that defined 20th-century politics, and toward the new divide over globalization and multiculturalism that might define 21st-century politics.Mr. Trump currently trails in most polls.But according to a 2014 study by Pew Research on political polarization, positions like those held by Mr. Trump on trade, immigration, guns and the environment have considerable support from white working-class Democrats.Around 40 percent of white Democrats without a college degree agree that free trade has done more harm than good (exit polls showed the same thing in the Democratic primary), or think the <location>United States</location> should get tougher with <location>China</location> on economic issues.Similar numbers agree with Mr. Trump on guns and immigration.All of Mr. Trump’s stances are more popular than traditional Republican views on the welfare state or culture war issues like abortion or same-sex marriage.The potential for Mr. Trump to break through among white working-class voters isn’t merely theoretical.Recent public opinion surveys — even those showing Mr. Trump trailing Mrs. Clinton by a wide margin — all show him leading Mrs. Clinton by a wider margin among white voters without a college degree than the margin by which Mitt Romney led President Obama in 2012.Over all, Mr. Trump leads among white voters without a college degree by a 57-to-31 margin in the last six national polls.Mr. Romney led by a 55-to-37 percent margin with those voters in a compilation of the final polls in 2012.These gains have not been enough to give Mr. Trump an overall lead.He trails by an average of five points in the same surveys.