“Party lines are very rigid,” said Alan Abramowitz, an Emory University expert on presidential voting.“It precludes anyone from getting close to 60 percent of the vote.” That comforts Republicans desperate to keep control of Congress but disheartened by Mr. Trump’s uneven performance, modest staff and paltry campaign treasury.“Even with Donald Trump running a campaign out of the cave man era, this still has the potential to be a competitive race,” said Scott Reed, who ran Bob Dole’s 1996 presidential bid and now directs the Chamber of Commerce’s efforts to maintain the Senate Republican majority.The strength of Mrs. Clinton’s showing in November will be directly linked to her chances of lifting fellow Democrats.In recent economic and national security speeches, she has cast the broadest possible net by attacking Mr. Trump on personal rather than ideological grounds.“He is not just unprepared, he is temperamentally unfit,” Mrs. Clinton said.Subsequent endorsements of Mrs. Clinton by Brent Scowcroft, national security adviser for the elder president Bush, and Henry Paulson, Treasury secretary for the younger, buttressed her argument.The choice of a running mate represents another strategic landmark.Some Clinton allies favor Elizabeth Warren, reasoning that the fiery <location>Massachusetts</location> senator would stoke enthusiasm among liberals drawn to Bernie Sanders in Democratic primaries.Cultural and demographic changes, they argue, make the party’s base wide enough to win.Those who are hoping for a larger victory talk of a more muted choice with broader appeal, like Senator Tim Kaine of <location>Virginia</location>.More improbably, she could aim big by selecting a compatible Republican — say, Robert M. Gates, who served as defense secretary under Presidents George W. Bush and Obama.Big in 2016 won’t be big by historical standards in any case.Mrs. Clinton, seeking to become <location>America’s</location> first female president, carries more political baggage than Mr. Obama did in running to become the first African-American one.The strategist David Axelrod recalls his 2008 victory as “a magic carpet ride,” with an outgoing Republican incumbent bogged down by war, financial crisis, and approval ratings below 30 percent.Mr. Obama won by seven percentage points with 365 electoral votes.“Can you do the 49-state kind of thing?” Mr. Axelrod asked.“I think the answer to that is no.”