Pooria Bazhian, 26, and his mother, Nahid Mikaeilidiba, 52 — former Muslims who converted to Christianity in Iran, where apostasy is punishable by death — have also been housed there for five months.“This place was built for criminals, not for free humans who didn’t commit any wrong acts,” Mr. Bazhian said.“You don’t have any good feeling here.There isn’t any fresh air.There isn’t green space for walking.” As the time lengthens, complaints have grown, along with concerns that a quick and imperfect fix has become the norm.“When we were consulted on this, we said, O.K., given that this is an emergency, we can accept it,” said Mr. Kuipers of the advocacy group.“But now it’s been there for a half a year, and I don’t see them going away,” he said.“I’m very concerned that former prisons are not temporary, but the new standard.” The government’s Central Agency for the Reception of Asylum Seekers — known by its initials, C.O.A.— ran 40 reception centers, with room for about 30,000 people, in January 2015, before the crisis began.It now runs 121 facilities.About 16,000 people currently housed in the agency’s facilities have received their residency permits, but they cannot move out until they find permanent places to live, and there is a backlog, Mr. Dijkhoff said.The wait time before asylum seekers can expect a decision on their applications, which used to be six months at most, now typically begins after seven months and can take as long as 15.“We didn’t have any large complaints on the grounds that they don’t want to stay in a prison,” said a C.O.A.spokesman, Jan Willem Anholts.“We hardly get complaints about the facilities; we get complaints about the length of the procedure.” Some of the sites have been adapted in such a way that they might not be recognizable as former prisons, Mr. Anholts said.But at the 400-cell De Koepel, one of three pentagonal prisons built in the early 1900s, there is little disguising that it is a correctional facility.“It’s a prison,” Mr. Anholts said.“You can’t change to make it look otherwise.” Mr. Kuipers said he was particularly concerned about the psychological impact on people fleeing persecution and imprisonment in their home countries.The biggest groups of migrants who arrived in the <location>Netherlands</location> in 2015 were Syrians and Eritreans, he said.“The Eritreans fled a regime in their country where imprisonment was a huge problem,” Mr. Kuipers said.“Many of the Eritreans have been imprisoned; I would guess about half of them.” He added, referring to President Bashar al-Assad of <location>Syria</location>, “For people who have been in prisons and have been victims of torture — by the Assad regime, for example — it can trigger certain memories.” Still, many of the asylum seekers are trying to make the best of it.On a recent day, Dawlat Derbas, 34, sat outside making a collage in the women’s garden, a former prison yard where some have planted boxes with flowers.The granddaughter of a Palestinian refugee, Ms. Derbas has always been officially stateless, even though she was born in <location>Syria</location>.In <location>Aleppo</location>, a city in the north, she had a house, a car and a job as a teacher, and she was working toward a master’s degree in sociology, she said.“In <location>Syria</location>, I had everything,” she said, “but I didn’t have freedom, and that’s very important.Here, I am not free, not yet.”