In a 2013 article in The Wall Street Journal, Dr. Brown said that athletes he had treated had won 15 Olympic gold medals.He told the newspaper that treating athletes for hypothyroidism can give them an advantage over their competitors who have not had the condition diagnosed.Those rivals “think if they work harder, the persistent fatigue and weakness will subside,” Dr. Brown told The Journal.“They think they can train through it.” Some experts say that thyroid hormone can serve as a stimulant, lead to weight loss and improve alertness among athletes.But the World Anti-Doping Agency did not include thyroid medication on its 2016 list of banned substances.Usada and <location>Britain’s</location> antidoping agency wanted the use of thyroid hormone barred, but WADA said that its experts had concluded that “there is no way to believe that thyroid hormone could be performance enhancing.” In denying that he was doping athletes with banned substances, Dr. Brown told The Journal, “The general public seems to think that if you have a medical problem and then you get better, that you’re on something” that is prohibited.Last June, after investigation by ProPublica and the BBC reported that Mr. Salazar operated in a gray area of what is permitted among athletes to increase their performance, Mr. Salazar wrote an open letter denying any wrongdoing.He did not reference Dr. Brown by name with regard to hypothyroidism and a Salazar-coached athlete, Galen Rupp, a silver medalist in the 10,000 meters at <location>London</location>.But Mr. Rupp said publicly in 2006 that Dr. Brown had diagnosed the condition, according to The Journal.Mr. Rupp has severe allergies, breathing issues and hypothyroidism, Mr. Salazar wrote last year, and those conditions had been treated by two endocrinologists.Mr. Rupp has emphatically denied taking prohibited substances.“Galen takes asthma medication so he can breathe normally – not so he can run better,” wrote Mr. Salazar, who coaches the Nike Project, which includes Mo Farah of <location>Britain</location>, who won gold in the 5,000 and 10,000 meters at the London Games.Mr. Salazar added: “Galen takes his thyroid medication so that his body can function normally – not for any competitive advantage.” Mr. Salazar also wrote that Dr. Brown had helped him conduct an experiment amid heightened concern in the track world that athletes could be sabotaged by someone rubbing a tainted substance on them.They rubbed Androgel, a synthetic form of testosterone, on the test subjects — Mr. Salazar’s sons — to determine whether a small amount might set off a positive drug test.They ultimately determined that it was extremely unlikely that such a sabotage could happen.In its court filing, Usada said it wanted to get from Dr. Brown information about the substances he used in treating athletes, the methods and personnel involved, why the treatments were initiated, and communications involving Dr. Brown that would assist the antidoping agency in “its ongoing efforts to investigate whether Dr. Brown andor others may have violated sport anti-doping rules.”