But those orders drew dissent from conservative justices who said the court had erred in refusing to hear the appeals.The case on birth control, Stormans Inc. v. Wiesman, No.15-862, concerned regulations in <location>Washington</location> that required pharmacies to dispense all prescription medicines sought by patients, even if their owners objected on religious grounds.The regulations allowed pharmacists with religious objections not to dispense the medicines, but only if another pharmacist was available to step in.The owners of Ralph’s Thriftway, a grocery store and pharmacy in <location>Olympia</location>, <location>Wash.</location>, and two pharmacists challenged the regulations, saying they objected to dispensing emergency contraceptives like Plan B because they believed them to be “tantamount to abortion.” The regulations, the plaintiffs said, violated the First Amendment’s protection of religious liberty.The Ninth Circuit, in <location>San Francisco</location>, rejected that argument, saying the regulations were neutral, were generally applicable and promoted patient safety.Dissenting from the Supreme Court’s decision to deny review, Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr., joined by Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justice Clarence Thomas, wrote that there was “a strong case” that the regulations had been “improperly designed to stamp out religious objectors.” Justice Alito added that the regulations “are likely to make a pharmacist unemployable if he or she objects on religious grounds to dispensing certain prescription medications.” “If a pharmacy wishes to employ a pharmacist who objects to dispensing a drug for religious reasons, the pharmacy must keep on duty at all times a second pharmacist who can dispense those drugs,” he said, adding that, according to a supporting brief, “few pharmacies are likely to be willing to bear this expense.” “The bottom line is clear: <location>Washington</location> would rather have no pharmacy than one that doesn’t toe the line on abortifacient emergency contraceptives,” Justice Alito wrote.Louise Melling, a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, said the Supreme Court had been right to turn down the appeal.“When a woman walks into a pharmacy, she should not fear being turned away because of the religious beliefs of the owner or the person behind the counter,” she said in a statement.“Open for business means open for all.” The election case, Delaware Strong Families v. Denn, No.15-1234, concerned a <location>Delaware</location> law that requires groups that support or oppose candidates in advertisements or other communications issued close to elections to disclose their donors.Even as it has been skeptical of other forms of campaign finance regulation, the Supreme Court has generally endorsed disclosure laws.A part of the Citizens United decision on campaign finance that is often overlooked had upheld the disclosure requirements at issue in the case, saying that “transparency enables the electorate to make informed decisions and give proper weight to different speakers and messages.” Only Justice Clarence Thomas had dissented from that part of the Citizens United decision, and he dissented again in the <location>Delaware</location> case.“In my view,” Justice Thomas wrote, “it is time for the court to reconsider whether a state’s interest in an informed electorate can ever justify the disclosure of otherwise anonymous donor rolls.” Justice Alito said that he would have agreed to hear the case, but he did not join Justice Thomas’s dissent.The court also agreed to hear eight new cases during its next term, which starts in October.The cases included involve fair housing, disabilities, antitrust, bankruptcy and immigration.